# Generating Optional Bindings

The GIR bindings generator allows you to generate Kotlin/Native bindings for a list of default libraries.
However, you can also generate bindings for additional libraries by editing the `gtkkn.json` file.

## Editing the `gtkkn.json` File

The `gtkkn.json` file serves as a configuration file for both the GIR bindings generator and the Gradle project. It
specifies which libraries should have bindings generated for them. Additionally, the file is also used to configure and
enable additional modules in the Gradle build. Below is an example of the default `gtkkn.json` file:"

??? example "Click to expand/collapse"

    ``` kotlin title="gtkkn.json"
    --8<-- "gtkkn.json"
    ```

The `libraries` list contains the names of the libraries that you want to generate bindings for, along with some
additional metadata:

- `name`: The name of the library (e.g. `glib`).
- `module`: The module that the library belongs to, in Gradle format, that will be generated inside `outputDir`
  (e.g. `core:glib`).
- `girPrefix`: The prefix used in the GIR file for the library (e.g. `GLib-`).

The `ignoredLibraries` list contains optional libraries that the GIR generator supports but that are not generated by
default.

To enable an optional library, you can move it from the `ignoredLibraries` list to the `libraries` list.

## Using a Custom Configuration File

You can also use a custom configuration file instead of the default `gtkkn.json` file. To do this, define a new Gradle
property called `org.gtkkn.configFile` containing the path to your custom config file. You can pass this property via
the command line directly to Gradle using `-Dorg.gtkkn.configFile=<path to config file>`. Alternatively, you can
permanently set it in your `~/.gradle/gradle.properties` file.

For example, to use a custom configuration file located at `/path/to/my/config.json`, you can run the following command:

``` bash
./gradlew gir:run -Dorg.gtkkn.configFile=/path/to/my/config.json
```

or, for the `~/.gradle/gradle.properties`:

``` ini
org.gtkkn.configFile=/path/to/my/config.json
```
