docs/developer-guide/index.md, before:

---
title: Developer Guide
description: Learn how to develop GTK applications using Kotlin/Native with gtk-kn.
---

The **`gtk-kn` project** provides Kotlin/Native [bindings](bindings/index.md) for GTK and related libraries, enabling developers to build
**native GTK applications** using Kotlin.

## Who Should Use This Guide?

This guide is for **developers** who want to build graphical applications with **GTK and Kotlin/Native**. It assumes:

- Basic experience with **Kotlin** (if you're new, check
  out [Kotlin’s learning resources](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/learning-materials-overview.html)).
- A desire to develop **native GUI applications** with GTK.

No prior knowledge of **GTK or GObject-Introspection** is required, as this guide will introduce key concepts along the
way.

## How to Use This Guide

This guide is structured to **help you get started quickly** and serve as a **reference** for building GTK applications
with `gtk-kn`. You can:

- **Follow it sequentially** if you’re new to GTK and want a structured learning experience.
- **Jump to specific sections** when looking for details on a particular feature.

We focus on **practical examples** to demonstrate GTK concepts in real-world applications. In some cases, you may
encounter **simplified examples** designed to clarify complex topics.

For additional code samples, refer to the [gtk-kn repository](https://gitlab.com/gtk-kn/gtk-kn/-/tree/master/samples?ref_type=heads).

## Modifying or Generating Bindings?

If you’re interested in **contributing to `gtk-kn`**, modifying the bindings, or generating your own artifacts, check
out the [Contributor Guide](../contributor-guide/index.md). It covers everything you need to know about building
`gtk-kn`, working with GObject-Introspection, and contributing to the project.

Commit message:

doc: Add warning about project being in development

docs/developer-guide/index.md, after:

---
title: Developer Guide
description: Learn how to develop GTK applications using Kotlin/Native with gtk-kn.
---

!!! warning "Project in Development"

    The `gtk-kn` project is currently in active development and is **not yet production-ready**.
    Expect potential API changes, missing features, and incomplete documentation.

The `gtk-kn` project provides Kotlin/Native [bindings](bindings/index.md) for GTK and related libraries, enabling
developers to build
**native GTK applications** using Kotlin.

## Who Should Use This Guide?

This guide is for **developers** who want to build graphical applications with **GTK and Kotlin/Native**. It assumes:

- Basic experience with **Kotlin** (if you're new, check
  out [Kotlin’s learning resources](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/learning-materials-overview.html)).
- A desire to develop **native GUI applications** with GTK.

No prior knowledge of **GTK or GObject-Introspection** is required, as this guide will introduce key concepts along the
way.

## How to Use This Guide

This guide is structured to **help you get started quickly** and serve as a **reference** for building GTK applications
with `gtk-kn`. You can:

- **Follow it sequentially** if you’re new to GTK and want a structured learning experience.
- **Jump to specific sections** when looking for details on a particular feature.

We focus on **practical examples** to demonstrate GTK concepts in real-world applications. In some cases, you may
encounter **simplified examples** designed to clarify complex topics.

For additional code samples, refer to
the [gtk-kn repository](https://gitlab.com/gtk-kn/gtk-kn/-/tree/master/samples?ref_type=heads).

## Modifying or Generating Bindings?

If you’re interested in **contributing to `gtk-kn`**, modifying the bindings, or generating your own artifacts, check
out the [Contributor Guide](../contributor-guide/index.md). It covers everything you need to know about building
`gtk-kn`, working with GObject-Introspection, and contributing to the project.
