# GtkSourceView

[GtkSourceView](https://wiki.gnome.org/Projects/GtkSourceView) is a free and open-source software library that provides
syntax highlighting and text editing features for programming languages in the GTK+ toolkit. It is a part of the GNOME
project and was first released in 2001.

GtkSourceView provides a text widget that can display syntax-highlighted text. It supports more than 60 programming
languages, including popular ones such as C, C++, Java, Python, Ruby, and PHP. The library also provides
auto-indentation, code folding, and bracket matching features, as well as the ability to display line numbers and
highlight the current line.

GtkSourceView can be used in any GTK+ application that requires text editing, such as text editors, integrated
development environments (IDEs), and even web browsers. It has been integrated into several popular applications,
including Gedit, Anjuta, and GNOME Builder.

GtkSourceView is written in the C programming language and uses the GObject system, which allows it to be easily
integrated into any GTK+ application. It also provides bindings for other programming languages such as Python, Ruby,
and Vala. This project provides the bindings for Kotlin/Native.

GtkSourceView is licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License (LGPL), which means that it can be freely used,
modified, and distributed by anyone, including commercial entities. It is actively developed and maintained by a
community of developers and contributors, and new releases are made regularly.

In summary, GtkSourceView is a versatile and powerful library that provides syntax highlighting and text editing
features for programming languages in the GTK+ toolkit. It is easy to use, can be integrated into any GTK+ application,
and supports many popular programming languages.

## How to enable it

GtkSourceView bindings are not generated by default and they need to be enabled manually. To do it you need to move
the GtkSourceView library section of the `gtkkn.json` from the `ignoredLibraries` to the `libraries`.

??? info "Click to see the git patch"

    ```diff
    Index: gtkkn.json
    IDEA additional info:
    Subsystem: com.intellij.openapi.diff.impl.patch.CharsetEP
    <+>UTF-8
    ===================================================================
    diff --git a/gtkkn.json b/gtkkn.json
    --- a/gtkkn.json	(revision 733ff5a54987acf65e4e9f3261ecf5b3c361653b)
    +++ b/gtkkn.json	(date 1681666937084)
    @@ -74,14 +74,14 @@
           "name": "adw",
           "module": "adw",
           "girPrefix": "Adw-1"
    -    }
    -  ],
    -  "ignoredLibraries": [
    +    },
         {
           "name": "gtksource",
           "module": "gtksource",
           "girPrefix": "GtkSource-5"
    -    },
    +    }
    +  ],
    +  "ignoredLibraries": [
         {
           "name": "he",
           "module": "he",
    ```

## Requirements

To be able to generate the bindings, you need to have GtkSourceView installed on your system:
```bash
sudo apt install libgtksourceview-5-dev
```
