docs/user-guide/gradle-plugin.md, before:

# Gradle Plugin for gtk-kn

The `org.gtkkn.application` Gradle plugin simplifies the process of building and deploying applications with `gtk-kn`. It
provides automation for configuring GObject library versions and embedding resources, allowing for smoother integration
and streamlined project setup.

## Targeting Library Versions

One of the core features of the plugin is the ability to specify target versions for each GObject library. By setting a
target version, the build process will automatically enable compatibility for all APIs up to and including the specified
version, ensuring access to newer features while maintaining control over API level compatibility.

For example, to set the target version for the `gtk` library, add the following to your `build.gradle.kts`:

```kotlin
kotlin.linuxX64.gtk {
    targetLibraryVersions.put("gtk", "4.10")
}
```

In this configuration, the project will opt into all `gtk` APIs up to version 4.10. This eliminates the need to manually
specify each version, making it easier to manage version compatibility across your project.

### Manual Opt-In (Without the Plugin)

It’s still possible to opt into specific versions manually without using the plugin. However, in this case, each target
version must be added individually, as shown below:

```kotlin
sourceSets.configureEach {
    languageSettings {
        // Opt in to the required annotations
        optIn("org.gtkkn.bindings.gtk.annotations.GtkVersion4_2")
        optIn("org.gtkkn.bindings.gtk.annotations.GtkVersion4_4")
        optIn("org.gtkkn.bindings.gtk.annotations.GtkVersion4_6")
        optIn("org.gtkkn.bindings.gtk.annotations.GtkVersion4_8")
        optIn("org.gtkkn.bindings.gtk.annotations.GtkVersion4_10")
    }
}
```

While this approach provides the same compatibility, using the Gradle plugin streamlines this process and reduces the
maintenance effort.

## Embedding GResources

The `org.gtkkn.application` plugin also supports embedding resources—such as images, CSS, and UI files—directly into the
application binary. This feature simplifies resource management, as embedded resources become part of the application’s
executable, accessible without external dependencies.

To use this feature, place your resources in the `src/gresources/main` directory, then add the following configuration
to your `build.gradle.kts`:

```kotlin
kotlin.linuxX64.gtk {
    gresources.main.embed(project.nativeTergetCompilation())
}
```

By embedding resources directly, your application becomes more self-contained, with all necessary files bundled within
the binary.

Commit message:

gradle: Fix linking error due to unused undefined symbol

docs/user-guide/gradle-plugin.md, after:

# Gradle Plugin for gtk-kn

The `org.gtkkn.application` Gradle plugin simplifies the process of building and deploying applications with `gtk-kn`.
It provides automation for configuring GObject library versions and embedding resources, allowing for smoother
integration and streamlined project setup.

## Targeting Library Versions

One of the core features of the plugin is the ability to specify target versions for each GObject library. By setting a
target version, the build process will automatically enable compatibility for all APIs up to and including the specified
version, ensuring access to newer features while maintaining control over API level compatibility.

For example, to set the target version for the `gtk` library, add the following to your `build.gradle.kts`:

```kotlin
kotlin.linuxX64.gtk {
    targetLibraryVersions.put("gtk", "4.10")
}
```

In this configuration, the project will opt into all `gtk` APIs up to version 4.10. This eliminates the need to manually
specify each version, making it easier to manage version compatibility across your project.

### Manual Opt-In (Without the Plugin)

It’s still possible to opt into specific versions manually without using the plugin. However, in this case, each target
version must be added individually, as shown below:

```kotlin
sourceSets.configureEach {
    languageSettings {
        // Opt in to the required annotations
        optIn("org.gtkkn.bindings.gtk.annotations.GtkVersion4_2")
        optIn("org.gtkkn.bindings.gtk.annotations.GtkVersion4_4")
        optIn("org.gtkkn.bindings.gtk.annotations.GtkVersion4_6")
        optIn("org.gtkkn.bindings.gtk.annotations.GtkVersion4_8")
        optIn("org.gtkkn.bindings.gtk.annotations.GtkVersion4_10")
    }
}
```

While this approach provides the same compatibility, using the Gradle plugin streamlines this process and reduces the
maintenance effort.

## Ignoring Unresolved Symbols in Object Files

When including a gtk-kn dependency to your project, you may encounter linker errors such as:

```
ld.lld: error: undefined symbol: <some native symbol>
```

These errors usually occur when one of the project dependencies references symbols from a native library version
different from the one installed on your system. If these symbols are not required for your application, they can be
safely ignored during linking.

The `org.gtkkn.application` plugin automatically adds the linker option `--unresolved-symbols=ignore-in-object-files` to
the build. This tells the linker to skip unresolved symbols in object files, while still enforcing symbol resolution in
shared libraries. This ensures the build succeeds without risking runtime issues for unused symbols.

## Embedding GResources

The `org.gtkkn.application` plugin also supports embedding resources—such as images, CSS, and UI files—directly into the
application binary. This feature simplifies resource management, as embedded resources become part of the application’s
executable, accessible without external dependencies.

To use this feature, place your resources in the `src/gresources/main` directory, then add the following configuration
to your `build.gradle.kts`:

```kotlin
kotlin.linuxX64.gtk {
    gresources.main.embed(project.nativeTergetCompilation())
}
```

By embedding resources directly, your application becomes more self-contained, with all necessary files bundled within
the binary.
