docs/user-guide/index.md, before:

GTK 4 is the latest version of a popular cross-platform widget toolkit written in C.
Thanks to GObject-Introspection, GTK's API can be easily targeted by various programming languages.

The `gtk-kn` project provides bindings to many GTK-related libraries, which we will be using throughout this user guide.

## Who this guide is for

This guide assumes that you are familiar with [Kotlin Native](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/native-overview.html). If this
is not the case, reading Kotlin's documentation is a great way to get started. If you have experience with another
high-level language such as Python or Swift, you might find that
reading [Kotlin's introductory documentation](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/learning-materials-overview.html)
provides sufficient information as well.

Fortunately, this - together with the desire to develop graphical applications - is all that is necessary to benefit
from this guide.

## How to use this guide

In general, this guide assumes that you are reading it in sequence from front to back. However, if you are using it as a
reference for a certain topic, you might find it useful to just jump into it.

The guide strives to explain essential GTK concepts paired with practical examples. However, if a concept can be better
conveyed with a less practical example, we took this path most of the time. If you are interested in contained and
useful examples, we refer you to the corresponding section of `gtk-kn`'s repository.

Commit message:

Improve documentation readability and add Get Started section

docs/user-guide/index.md, after:

GTK 4 is a widely used cross-platform widget toolkit written in C. With GObject-Introspection, GTK’s API becomes
accessible to multiple programming languages.

The `gtk-kn` project offers Kotlin/Native bindings for various GTK-related libraries, which are utilized throughout this
user guide.

## Who This Guide is For

This guide assumes familiarity with [Kotlin Native](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/native-overview.html). If you’re new to
Kotlin, the [introductory documentation](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/learning-materials-overview.html) is a helpful
starting point, especially if you have experience in languages like Python or Swift.

A desire to develop graphical applications and basic knowledge of Kotlin/Native is all you’ll need to benefit from this
guide.

## How to Use This Guide

This guide is designed to be read sequentially. However, if you’re using it as a reference, feel free to jump to
specific topics as needed.

We aim to introduce key GTK concepts with practical examples. Occasionally, you’ll find less practical examples where
they help explain complex concepts more clearly. For focused examples, refer to the relevant section in the `gtk-kn`
repository.
